MBR

generative AI and firm values 
theyve taken into account:
    how youre using AI 
    what using for

built index on 8 different things

PArt 1:
profession exposed to AI, and review feeling about it .
AI exposure similar to occupations. How much is that occupation exposed to AI tools. Can AI improve productitity based on la bor tasks. 

AI prodcutivty sentiments. Employees evaluating these games. 

Part 2: 

gemerative AI effects non routine analyticql,,
routine 
inter personal taks 
not manual taks 

looking at the topics, things like preidditve mantinarnce, 
pricing algorithsm,
properyt manaegement systems

lookign at topics like that in teh reivews. REITs specific lexicon. 

10-k reports, transcipts from mageemnt earnings calls, 
figuring out what ocntext AI is being used. in this particualty industry and company. 
employees saying. 


Part 3: 
Weightinn words.
does chatgpt help me summarize the lease. current game .

vs .

after integrasting chatgpt in the system then that is conditioanl gain.
AI cannot replace this work = zero exposure. 

four categories

current gain, 
futue gina, 
no gian

vision based gain
zero exposure 


REIT specific  lexicon that can idetnifit AI tools and what emplotees are saying. 
is it curretng ain, futuer gain, no agin 

Person reviewin, job title, how much is job titel is exposed to it.


what are wesyaing exactly about the AI productivty measure .
automating payingments?
LLMs just day to day 


whos usig it, whast it being used for, what is the differnece in gain 


current gain = life easy on current basis 

futuer gain = will change my life 

Overt 
publicyl availabel websitem what are teh job positoins, 



send me the list of words
remove stopwrods,
stem it,

for the glassdoor paper, i manually checked ALL the words to create a lsit of words.

to manually find the vocab and lexicon 

for e.g 
leasing automation

automated patyments


property mangaegemetn systems 

context based modeling in python, you can define the weighing

im looking at this gain and give it some contexts

ask that model to calssify the weifht of the review sentiment 


Researhc how to do the weighing

if it says leasing how do i know whether its being used as automated background prfoile checking. 
or it is like leasing is easdier in this companyy.

when theyr esyaing portfolio, do they have an automated portfolio. 

or is it analyst and is not even doing AI/ML based, just egenral statisctical 


the words and if it can be linked 

prcining, reporting, underwriting, prpoerty management, - good words that can be made efficient by the use of technology
worklife - useless
from those list of words

unique 
bygrams and trygrams

word couples and thruples

to capture lets say

leasing, atuomated

pricing, alrogithms

see if they are occuring together in teh same reviwea

high, work load 

work, balance
full, investment
upper, management
ineffiriceitn, managemetn





manually look at bigrams, 


i agve gpt all the availble bigrams and unigrams 

and gave them the list i identifeis as importatn to me

cna you find similar words in the total list that can be mapped to my list 
- combinaton of human 

if it matches the context and meanign 
for example 
work load is realted to work life balacne 

big lexicon - 200 vocabs for each category. 

list for :
work life balance
career oppurtunity - 234
culture - 313
overall - 



BERT dictionary 

dont use financial lexicons. the reviews are technically non financial texts. 

robust measure if we have to create ai productivity gains. my concern is its mentioned enough times. 
if we can find enough reviews to have robust.


onetonline 
professoins, skills, exposure 

link this to the job titel in teh reivews. 
fuzzy match 



recommended, ceo approval, business outlook, work life balance metrics 

send me all the grams. i will make the first list. then i will refine it. 

scarping. 

third job: context based modelling, define 



Add the stopwords dictionary.


Ban is Econ. 

Finance and accounnting. Academia. 180k. Don't need post doc.

Financial Mathematics.

Prof Hao

finance and accounting : jan 15th 


cons:




Exposure. What is the person reviewing and their position. How much is the profession exposed. 
What exactly is there job function?

If lets say cash flow modelling is there job fucntion, then these functions will heavily benefit from AI. 
And then classify as AI productivity gain, post chatgpt introduction. 



Steps:

1. context based modeling to identify the job function. (underwriter, app processing). 
after classifying the job fucntions, would they have a ai 
maintenance scheduling for example. 

also mention of their job function as exposure. 

topic based modeling. 

transformative AI model. 

language model that understand context.

BERT topic. Feed the topic which are the duties. 

Transformer based models to do word embeddings. 
how is the word "support" embedded in the review. 

extract the grams and find sentence embeddings 
(where is the word located in realtoinships to the sentence)
different task categories. 

sequential classification. SVM/HVM. 




for each review, do context basd modeling. SVM HMM. 
get rid of the stopwords. tokenize. 

then it would find phrases and words that pertain to duties. word n phrases for the job function and what

pull out verb object pairs. noun verb pair:
applciation processing
background checking 


2. BUild a global list of task phrases. 

pros cons and titles:
3. contextual embdeddings of these tasks using SVM/HMM transformer model. 
4. cluster these phrases into tasks or work functions. 
5. score/weight of some sort to say how much it would benefit from gen AI. 



